hello in this video i will show you
how to cook tender alan din yogurt
or kefir and with the addition of blueberries or
other berries, many novice culinary
often have problems with
cooking young something and does not burn
and remain cheeses inside
it's harsh my or just
other some unpleasant moments on
An example of these pancakes will show you how
cook them so that they always
pleased
So let's start to mix dry
ingredients in a separate bowl mix
130 grams of wheat flour 1 dining room
Spoonful of sugar A pinch of salt 2 teaspoons
baking powder
he's baking powder and 40 grams
cornmeal can also be used
and rice or other
gluten free flour it facilitates lags
they will only be more tender
separate mixing of dry ingredients
it is very important to cut
mixing time is already wet
ingredients since the more on
prevent the more active
gluten protein is gluten which makes
it is he who is actually responsible for hard
pancakes because the more he
develop the more we interfere with
more than our tougher
pancakes and so well mix
mix thoroughly so that everything is as you can
more evenly distributed here
so now we mix wet
ingredients it will be 150 milliliters
milk 2 tablespoons baked
butter I already have it
pre- melted but 250 grams
thick yogurt
it may also be sour or
thick kefir that you like it gives
pleasant sourness
2 more eggs
this
and well beat all the important ingredients.
together this can be done not in the kitchen
combine and not using a mixer but just
whisk
now when the wet ingredients are good
whipped and mother
pancake need no longer needed and
add our dry ingredients and
attention interfere with the spatula in any
the case is not a mixer in the combine but simply
scoop and need to interfere as little as possible
only to mix the ingredients again
same or because of the same anna breasts who
the more we disturb you the more he
produced if in the case of bread
we need it because the better you are
working dough than the stronger
will produce dishes so the bread will be
air and but
elastic fault is elastic flesh with
pancakes and pancakes we need to interfere as
can even less lumps
will be less of a problem than in essence
hard pancakes
so here you need now
faster before the same
since the baking powder has already been activated
on medium heat
good warm flat pan
When pan is well heated pour
little vegetable oil
quite a bit fridge needed
bathe in oil should be so much
so they just brown
best doing this distributing also
brush with oil and lay out a big
spoon can be wooden or plastic
who has what small fritters
it is very important not to lay out too much
and immediately
because they do not fry well
so that the fire was even slightly
slightly above average or average
it all depends on who calorific gas
as he first lay out varnishes and
only then lay out blueberries on top
not mixing mius dough so fritters will
much tidier like this
fry fritters on one side until
until all over the surface appear
small air bubbles uniformly and
then gently turn over when
in air bubbles appeared throughout
surface it says that the dough
will not spread and Alodi oil does not
lose their shape and when turned
Our pancakes are waiting for the second to be baked
side don't clap went for fabric
we let the air out just waiting and when
the boat will already be ready we are looking at
the other side is already possible them
shift to a clean plate like this
and do the same with the rest
dough
so until the end we get neat
and beautiful and a logical other side
slightly stained with berries but
the front side is beautiful and true
where
and
but
you
well here is our tender insanely fragrant
pancake ready now they can
you can enjoy instead of blueberry
use black currant
and also very initial course smoothly and
rowan advise to try
delicious experiment